add infrastructure folder for espace (#303)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/espace/build/infrastructure/graph/graph.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 2
title: The Graph
displayed_sidebar: eSpaceSidebar
---

> [**The Graph**](https://thegraph.com/) is a leading **blockchain data index and query solution** for EVM chains. Currently Conflux eSpace is not directly supported by it, but we are fully EVM compatible, so it can also be used on Conflux eSpace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Graph](https://thegraph.com/) serves as a premier blockchain data indexing and querying solution for EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) compatible chains. While Conflux eSpace is not directly supported by The Graph, its full EVM compatibility enables the use of The Graph on Conflux eSpace.
```

> To use **The Graph** on Conflux eSpace. We need to set up a The Graph node and then create subgraphs. We provide a detail guide on [how to set up a The Graph node](./setup-graph-node.md) and [create subgraphs on Conflux eSpace](./create-subgraphs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To utilize The Graph within Conflux eSpace, it's necessary to establish a The Graph node and subsequently create subgraphs. Comprehensive guides are available for [how to set up a The Graph node](./setup-graph-node.md) and [create subgraphs on Conflux eSpace](./create-subgraphs.md).
```
